the boons have come to join the herd
this is nothing unusual they also feed
on grasses
and so baboons and gazelles are often
seen together
their dexterous hands are adept at
stripping seeds and roots
but grass is a poor quality food and
it's a full-time job eating enough to
keep everyone going
but baboons are famous opportunists
given a chance they will eat meat
and this time of year opportunities are
common
the peaceful grazer becomes a predator
this time it isn't a matter of chance
whether the form gets caught
it's a matter of time
the baboon tries to fool the form by
giving an air of indifference but all
the time it closes the gap
the mother is too preoccupied with
feeding and doesn't seem to notice the
danger
failing to get a cue from its mother the
thorn has to rely
purely on instinct
the form has an inbuilt fear of anything
unfamiliar getting too close
luckily the baboon didn't fool it and it
fled in time
by starting it shows the baboon it's fit
and healthy and it doesn't stand
a chance of catching one of the fastest
animals on the savannah
mission successful
you